Docs 4409 revisions to accessing a nas from a vm additional options (#1708)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Virtualization/AccessingNASFromVM.md

 - scalevm
---

{{< toc >}}

> If you want to access your TrueNAS SCALE directories from a VM, you have multiple options. If your system has more than one physical interface, you can assign your VMs to a NIC other than the primary one used for your TrueNAS server. This method does not offer the potential speed of a bridge but increases resilience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access your TrueNAS SCALE directories from a VM, you have multiple options. If your system has more than one physical interface, you can assign your VMs to a NIC other than the primary one your TrueNAS server uses. This method does not offer the potential speed of a bridge, but it increases resilience.
```
